README.md, before:


# spark

A `debian:jessie` based [Spark](http://spark.apache.org) container. Use it in a standalone cluster with the accompanying `docker-compose.yml`, or as a base for more complex recipes.

## docker example

To run `SparkPi`, run the image with Docker:

    docker run --rm -it -p 4040:4040 gettyimages/spark bin/run-example SparkPi 10

To start `spark-shell` with your AWS credentials:

    docker run --rm -it -e "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=YOURKEY" -e "AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=YOURSECRET" -p 4040:4040 gettyimages/spark bin/spark-shell

To do a thing with Pyspark

    echo "import pyspark\nprint(pyspark.SparkContext().parallelize(range(0, 10)).count())" > count.py
    docker run --rm -it -p 4040:4040 -v $(pwd)/count.py:/count.py gettyimages/spark bin/pyspark /count.py

## docker-compose example

To create a simplistic standalone cluster with [docker-compose](http://docs.docker.com/compose):

    docker-compose up

The SparkUI will be running at `http://${YOUR_DOCKER_HOST}:8080` with one worker listed. To run `pyspark`, exec into a container:

    docker exec -it dockerspark_master_1 /bin/bash
    bin/pyspark

To run `SparkPi`, exec into a container:

    docker exec -it dockerspark_master_1 /bin/bash
    bin/run-example SparkPi 10

## license

MIT

Commit message:

Porting to lightweight Alpine Linux

README.md, after:

# Alpine Linux

Many Docker Apache Spark images are based on heavy-weight Debian images. This is based on Alpine Linux which is optimized for containers and light-weight.

# spark

A `debian:jessie` based [Spark](http://spark.apache.org) container. Use it in a standalone cluster with the accompanying `docker-compose.yml`, or as a base for more complex recipes.

## docker example

To run `SparkPi`, run the image with Docker:

    docker run --rm -it -p 4040:4040 gettyimages/spark bin/run-example SparkPi 10

To start `spark-shell` with your AWS credentials:

    docker run --rm -it -e "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=YOURKEY" -e "AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=YOURSECRET" -p 4040:4040 gettyimages/spark bin/spark-shell

To do a thing with Pyspark

    echo "import pyspark\nprint(pyspark.SparkContext().parallelize(range(0, 10)).count())" > count.py
    docker run --rm -it -p 4040:4040 -v $(pwd)/count.py:/count.py gettyimages/spark bin/pyspark /count.py

## docker-compose example

To create a simplistic standalone cluster with [docker-compose](http://docs.docker.com/compose):

    docker-compose up

The SparkUI will be running at `http://${YOUR_DOCKER_HOST}:8080` with one worker listed. To run `pyspark`, exec into a container:

    docker exec -it dockerspark_master_1 /bin/bash
    bin/pyspark

To run `SparkPi`, exec into a container:

    docker exec -it dockerspark_master_1 /bin/bash
    bin/run-example SparkPi 10

## license

MIT
